Hi, I'm Selwyn. At highschool I got more and more interested in what's going on behind all these websites, soon I started learning myself HTML & CSS by inspecting some of my favourite websites. And soon I bought a book about HTML5 & CSS3. After diving in I discovered the endless posibilities of showing stuff online, the more small websites I made for people around me the more and more I knew this is what I wanted to know more of. Besides that games always fascinated, I looked at the rules and created my own dreaming about creating my own games and online webapps. And still after three years of studying Communication & Multimedia Design I am fascinated by the possiblities of the web, getting deeper; exploring JS outside of the browser, looking into server technologies. I'm passionate about creating solutions that solve problems for people around the world in a progressive way. No need for the latest browser, information should be accicible for everybody.


Hi, I'm Selwyn. At highschool I interested in what's going on behind all these websites, soon I started learning myself HTML & CSS by inspecting some of my favourite websites. And soon I bought a book about HTML5 & CSS3. After diving in I discovered the endless posibilities of showing stuff online, the more small websites I made for people around me the more and more I knew this is what I wanted to know more of. Besides that games always fascinated, I looked at the rules and created my own dreaming about creating my own games and online webapps. And still after three years of studying Communication & Multimedia Design I am fascinated by the possiblities of the web, getting deeper; exploring JS outside of the browser, looking into server technologies. I'm passionate about creating solutions that solve problems for people around the world in a progressive way. No need for the latest browser, information should be accicible for everybody.
